hi I'm Gabby Reece and this is my
kitchen the kitchen means a lot to me
and to my family because it's sort of
that reconnecting place and anytime you
have friends and / this is where
everyone ends up talking and hanging out
so the thing I like what this kitchen is
it's very open and it leads into the
other rooms where my kids will play or
my husband for the five minutes he'll
sit down and actually watch TV will be
while I'm preparing dinner I made the
kitchen connected to all the other rooms
so that as the person who cooks most of
the meals in my home I'm not isolated
somewhere by myself cooking all the time
I'm always part of the action so I can
hang out with my kids while they're over
here you know sort of playing and
whatnot and if the dining room table or
the the adults are hanging out on
another corner I'm still part of the
whole thing so I would always tell
people if you're going to design a
kitchen if you have that luxury is to
make it as open and connected to the
rest of the living space as you possibly
can you know our family is a very close
family my husband and I have kind of not
stereotypical jobs or we have to punch
in clocks 9:00 to 5:00 so we have a lot
of opportunities to travel together and
to be together a lot but still almost
like all families really it's around
food and eating that we are all together
on any given night we have four or five
extra people eating I'll get a call at
3:00 in the afternoon saying oh the a
certain crew is coming over and all of a
sudden dinner of four goes to dinner of
12 and I've just found sometimes it's as
simple as you know barbecuing and my
husband is like all men I think he is
into the fire so he's like you want me
to barbecue he's down I like to have a
really casual table setting there's just
something about things seeming fresh
around food is really appealing to me
these particular plates are all handmade
so in that element I like because each
one is a little bit different and in a
way each dinner is different every plate
that your plates different every
person's different and I like that they
have sort of different shapes and bumps
in them and things like that a dinner I
always try to encourage people to find
the way to slow it down
and be in that moment with your family
and your and enjoy the food because it's
meant to be enjoyed and I don't think
it's like one more thing just to power
through